ssangsun
try
now the young boy enceladus different
ceremonies planet lodges and many of the
families lived like outlaws they ran
from the authorities apartment Indian
Affairs the RCMP needs to so they could
take care of their children and because
at that time they were going around the
country they were apprehended children
and putting them into residential
schools
we ended up in this bus and I was crying
worried taking us how come you're
letting us go I said I thought my mother
and a new job way and the tears were
just coming down her eyes now I remember
saying oh my god happen
and my little brother is crying he was
only four years old he didn't know what
was happening
but that was the moment that that
destroyed my family the way I knew it
and the first thing I saw was a huge
sculpture or image of a man they had
nailed to the cross and I didn't know
what it was I was thinking you know is
this what they gonna do to us three
people three children died all that time
when I was there nobody nobody to see
them go
those people were supposed to be
religious people and I feel that if I
talk about them in a bad way God will
punish me and were baptized
they don't take money took us all
the whole nation
yes a lot of sad stories but just made
me strong